Kevin Feige:Black Panther:After the death of his father, Prince T'Challa returns to his African homeland of Wakanda, which has hidden its wealth and advanced technology for generations. T'Challa assumes his father's throne and must also accept his mantle as the superhero Black Panther to protect Wakanda from numerous enemies intent on pillaging its resources: Pablo
Sean McKittrick, Jason Blum, Raymond Mansfield, Jordan Peele and Spike Lee:Blackkklansman:iIn the early 1970s, Ron Stallworth becomes the first African-American officer in the Colorado Springs Police Department. Hoping to distinguish himself, Stallworth organizes an investigation into the local chapter of the KKK, recruiting Jewish officer Flip Zimmerman to go undercover and infiltrate the hatemongering organization: 
Graham King:Bohemian Rhapsody:As he seeks to fulfill his dream of becoming a famous singer, art student Freddie rebels against his traditional Parsi family and joins the band that will become Queen. Adopting the surname Mercury, Freddie becomes a superstar as he and his bandmates create the exuberant music that electrifies audiences in the 1970s and 1980s: 
Ceci Dempsey, Ed Guiney, Lee Magiday and Yorgos Lanthimos:Favourite:In the early 1700s, Queen Anne, in poor health and emotionally unstable, allows her most trusted confidante, Lady Sarah, to act as the de facto ruler of Great Britain during its war with France. Sarah's control slips, however, when her cousin Abigail arrives at court and charms the queen: 
Jim Burke, Charles B. Wessler, Brian Currie, Peter Farrelly and Nick Vallelonga:Green Book:Dr. Donald Shirley, an accomplished concert pianist, hires Italian-American bouncer Tony Lip to drive him during his 1962 tour of the South as protection against the racism that he, as an African American, is certain to encounter. Despite their differences, Dr. Shirley and Tony discover that they enjoy spending time together and have much to learn from each other: 
Gabriela Rodríguez and Alfonso Cuarón:Roma:In Mexico City in the early 1970s, Cleo is a maid in the household of a middle-class doctor. She takes on increasing responsibility caring for the family's four children during a time of personal and political upheaval: 
Bill Gerber, Bradley Cooper and Lynette Howell Taylor:A Star Is Born:When rock star Jackson Maine meets struggling singer Ally, he is impressed by her talent and encourages her to perform her own material despite her insecurities. Ally's career quickly blossoms, as does her romance with Jack, although his alcoholism and ambivalence over her success jeopardize their relationship: 
Dede Gardner, Jeremy Kleiner, Adam McKay and Kevin Messick:Vice:Dick Cheney rises from humble beginnings to the heights of politics, serving in cabinet positions, in the White House and in the House of Representatives, before becoming George W. Bush's vice president. While wielding unprecedented influence in his new role, Cheney seeks to be the power behind the throne: 
